[HB-6919] Adding docs for custom/derived attributes (#72)
hashboard-hq/documentation: pages/docs/data-modeling/attributes.mdx

- **Primary key**: This can be set on any unique string or numeric attribute to enable joining to another model. See [Model Joins](/docs/data-modeling/model-joins) for more info.
- **Binning**: A default bin width for the attribute - when doing data explorations, this will be used to automatically group numeric values into buckets.
- **Make attribute hidden**: When selected, this attribute will be hidden by default from the [attribute tray](/docs/visualizing-data/attribute-tray).

## Custom SQL Attributes

To add a custom SQL attribute:

> 1. Go to the [Add Data Model](/docs/data-modeling/add-data-model) workflow by creating a new data model or editing an existing model.

Reviewer: "go to the 'add data model' workflow" is a very odd phrase.
```suggestion
1. [Create or edit the Data Model](/docs/data-modeling/add-data-model) that you want to add the custom attribute to.```

2. Under the Attributes section click the `+ Add Custom Attribute` button.

> 3. Enter your aggregation and click the 🔄 button to test the SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your selection SQL and click the 🔄 button to test the SQL.
```
It's not an aggregation.

### Deriving attributes from other attributes

Custom attributes can refer to other attributes to avoid duplicating logic.

```sql filename="SQL for uppercase city name"
UPPER({{ city_attribute }})
```

> SQL can reference other attributes by surrounding their `alias` in curly braces. When querying, Hashboard will expand references to their full definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL can reference other attributes by surrounding their `alias` in double curly braces. When querying, Hashboard will expand references to their full definitions.
```
